Hi my name is Dara and welcome to this Google Analytics course where you were going to learn how to
use Google Analytics as a powerful tool to grow a business.
Now before we jump into what we're going to cover in the course I think it's really important you understand
why you should analyze your Web site or marketing data and the famous business consultant Peter Drucker
put it best.
He said you can't manage what you don't measure or you cannot improve what you don't measure on Google
on lakes really is the tool that will allow you to measure your Web site and marketing performance so
that you can improve it.
Now in this course you will learn how to set up a Google Analytics account install tracking code on
your Web site configure Google Analytics goals set a backup fuse set up filters online standardised
reports psych audience behavior conversion benchmarking and real time reports how to use campaign tagging
to better track the success of your marketing campaigns how to manage multiple Google Analytics accounts.
If you want to take on clients how to set up custom dashboards and reports for colleagues and clients
and go beyond those standardized reports on how to link Google analytics with other Google products
like Google ads.
So in particular you can create lists of people that you can remark to in Google odds based on the information
from your Google Analytics account.
Now I suggest you take this course is that if you have your own Web site you just follow along and implement
the steps on your own Web site and Google Analytics accounts.
If you do not have a Web site and you still want to put things into practice I'm going to give you access
to a demo cans so that you can really get hands on experience and go confidently into jobs or freelancing
clients and say I can do this work for you.
So all of that and more is coming up in this course.
Let's get started.